<amarmlal [at] gmail [dot] com>
amlal on github/bitbucket

Distributed under GNU GPL.

This is a variable-length Markov chain based on the prefix-tree structure described in Francois Pachet's
work on the Continuator. Branch classes represent the 'tree branches' of the prefix tree. A single Tree
class will contain several branches, encompassing the entire model. The Continuator class contains
wrapper methods for interacting with this tree structure using the paradigm of Finite-State Automata.
Methods include parsing sequences into the tree, generating new states (based on previous states), 
repeating states, or traversing backwards to a previously generated state in order to move in a different
next direction. More than 3 repeated states cannot be generated by the new state generator. Working on methods
to break loops of longer lengths.

In order to initiate this class,

	model = Continuator(symbolic_seq,dictionary1,dictionary2,boundaries,maxlen)

where: 
	'symbolic_seq' is the sequence of symbols you wish to model. This program is designed to work with a 
	list or np.ndarray of chars. This also applies the limitation that there cannot be more than 94 unique
	symbols in the sequence.

	'dictionary1' and 'dictionary2' contain features or vectors associated with each of the unique symbols in
	the symbolic sequence. These are included so the model can be pickled and used independentaly of an 
	analysis method. In future versions, you will be able to use the model without these.

	'boundaries' are the list location indices of boundaries that should be used to segment the symbolic 
	sequence. In the context of music, these are used to segment the symbolic sequence into phrases.

	'maxlen' is the maximum allowed phrase length. This will be deprecated eventually.

For further interaction, 

	new_state, associated_vec1, associated_vec2 = model(type="next")
	
	previous_state, associated_vec1, associated_vec2 = model(type="prev")
	
	same_state, associated_vec1, associated_vec2 = model(type="repeat")
	
	model.printTree() prints the tree branch by branch
	
	the default __repr__ method prints the current memory of generated states


more to come....